---
title: 'Blog Post number 1'
date: 2012-08-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

This is a sample blog post. Lorem ipsum I can't remember the rest of lorem ipsum and don't have an internet connection right now. Testing testing testing this blog post. Blog posts are cool.

First model 
======

In first method, we will use non parametric bootstrap methods to estimate whether there were 1) population density, 2) total population, and 3) area of regions has an impact on sickness between people who has COVID alike symptoms and people who have not experienced any symptom during the pandemic. It is defined by a group of people who have COVID symptoms or have experienced similar ones. The reason for using the non-parametric bootstrap method is that the population distribution of data is unknown.

By using the bootstrap test, a Monte Carlo p-value was calculated as 0.94 (Population density), 0,624 (size of the area), and 0.138 (Total population) respectively, adjusted and calculated with 10,000 trials. This is not a statistically significant result and as a result all the variables did not impact on their COVID alike symptoms during the pandemic. On the other hand, the “population size” demonstrated an interesting feature as marginally significant p-value compared to other two variables. The result is particularly interesting as several other researchers also support the importance of population size in the spread of the virus (Hamidi, Ewing, and Sabouri 2020). However, the result is hard to generalize to other countries as the data was collected only in the United States. Not surprisingly, the result is quite different in different countries (Bhadra, Mukherjee, and Sarkar 2020).


Plots
------
